Tutorials cleanup (#66)
Knotx/knotx-example-project: README.md

> |Docker|This module covers the same topics as above. However, it uses Docker and embeds Knot.x Stack within a Docker image.|[Stack](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-stack), [Docker](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-docker), [Starter Kit](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit) template project |[Getting Started with Docker](http://knotx.io/tutorials/getting-started-with-docker/2_0/)| | 

Reviewer: `./distribution/getting-started` as the source code for both rows

|Topic|Description|Used technologies|Tutorial|Source code|
|-----|-----------|-----------------|--------|-----------|

> |OpenAPI and API Console with Swagger|More advanced example of OpenAPI specification usage|[OpenAPI](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/), [SwaggerUI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/)|[OpenAPI specification & interactive API Console](http://localhost:3010/tutorials/openapi-and-swagger-ui/2_0/)|`./api-gateway/api-console`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|OpenAPI and API Console with Swagger|More advanced example of OpenAPI specification usage|[OpenAPI](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/), [SwaggerUI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/)|[OpenAPI specification & interactive API Console](http://knotx.io/tutorials/openapi-and-swagger-ui/2_0/)|`./api-gateway/api-console`|
```
